Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In this essay on technology we are going to discuss what technology is what are its uses and also what technology can do First of all technology refers to the use of technical and scientific knowledge to create monitor and design machinery@IteotwagtdwtiwaiuaawtcdFoatrttuotasktcmadm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also technology helps in making other goods that aid mankind@Athimogtam
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Experts are debating on this topic for years@Eadottfy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also the technology covered a long way to make human life easier but the negative aspect of it cant be ignored@Attcalwtmhlebtnaoicbi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Over the years technological advancement has caused a severe rise in pollution@Otytahcasrip
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also pollution has become a major cause of many health issues@Aphbamcomhi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Besides it has cut off people from society rather than connecting them@Bihcopfsrtct
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Above all it has taken away many jobs from the workers class@Aaihtamjftwc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As they are completely different fields but they are interdependent on each other@Atacdfbtaioeo
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also it is due to science contribution we can create new innovation and build new technological tools@Aiidtscwccniabntt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Apart from that the research conducted in laboratories contributes a lot to the development of technologies@Afttrcilcalttdot
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : On the other hand technology extends the agenda of science@Otohtetaos
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Regularly evolving technology has become an important part of our lives@Rethbaipool
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also newer technologies are taking the market by storm and the people are getting used to them in no time@Antattmbsatpaguttint
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Above all technological advancement has led to the growth and development of nations@Aatahlttgadon
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Although technology is a good thing everything has two sides@Atiagtehts
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Technology also has two sides one is good and the other is bad@Tahtsoigatoib
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Here are some negative aspects of technology that we are going to discuss@Hasnaottwagtd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : With new technology the industrialization increases which give birth to many pollutions like air water soil and noise@Wnttiiwgbtmplawsan
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also they cause many healthrelated issues in animals birds and human beings@Atcmhiiabahb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : New technology requires new resources for which the balance is disturbed@Ntrnrfwtbid
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Eventually this will lead to overexploitation of natural resources which ultimately disturbs the balance of nature@Etwltoonrwudtbon
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : A single machine can replace many workers@Asmcrmw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also machines can do work at a constant pace for several hours or days without stopping@Amcdwaacpfshodws
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Due to this many workers lost their job which ultimately increases unemployment@Dttmwltjwuiu
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Generally we judge technology on the same scale but in reality technology is divided into various types@Gwjtotssbirtidivt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This includes information technology industrial technology architectural technology creative technology and many more@Tiititatctamm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Lets discuss these technologies in brief@Ldttib
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This technology organizes engineering and manufacturing technology for the manufacturing of machines@Ttoeamtftmom
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also this makes the production process easier and convenient@Atmtppeac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This technology involves the use of telecommunication and computer to send receive and store information@Ttituotactsrasi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Internet is the best example of Information technology@IitbeoIt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In this essay on computer we are going to discuss some useful things about computers@Iteocwagtdsutac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The modernday computer has become an important part of our daily life@Tmchbaipoodl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also their usage has increased much fold during the last decade@Atuhimfdtld
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nowadays they use the computer in every office whether private or government@Ntutcieowpog
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Mankind is using computers for over many decades now@Miucfomdn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also they are used in many fields like agriculture designing machinery making defense and many more@Atauimfladmmdamm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Above all they have revolutionized the whole world@Aathrtww
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It is very difficult to find the exact origin of computers@Iivdtfteooc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But according to some experts computer exists at the time of world warII@Batseceattoww
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also at that time they were used for keeping data@Aatttwufkd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But it was for only government use and not for public use@Biwfoguanfpu
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Above all in the beginning the computer was a very large and heavy machine@Aaitbtcwavlahm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The computer runs on a threestep cycle namely input process and output@Tcroatcnipao
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also the computer follows this cycle in every process it was asked to do@Atcftciepiwatd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In simple words the process can be explained in this way@Iswtpcbeitw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The data which we feed into the computer is input the work CPU do is process and the result which the computer give is output@TdwwfitciitwCdipatrwtcgio
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The computer is categorized into many different types like supercomputers mainframes personal computers desktop PDAs laptop etc@TcicimdtlsmpcdPle
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The mobile phone is also a type of computer because it fulfills all the criteria of being a computer@Tmpiaatocbifatcobac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As the usage of computer increased it became a necessity for almost every field to use computers for their operations@Atuociibanfaeftucfto
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also they have made working and sorting things easier@Athmwaste
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Below we are mentioning some of the important fields that use a computer in their daily operation@Bwamsotiftuacitdo
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They use computers to diagnose diseases run tests and for finding the cure for deadly diseases@Tuctddrtafftcfdd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also they are able to find a cure for many diseases because of computers@Ataatfacfmdboc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Whether its scientific research space research or any social research computers help in all of them@Wisrsroasrchiaot
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also due to them we are able to keep a check on the environment space and society@Adttwaatkacotesas
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Space research helped us to explore the galaxies@Srhutetg
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : While scientific research has helped us to locate resources and various other useful resources from the earth@Wsrhhutlravourfte
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : For any country his defence is most important for the safety and security of its people@Fachdimiftsasoip
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also computer in this field helps the countrys security agencies to detect a threat which can be harmful in the future@Acitfhtcsatdatwcbhitf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Above all the defense industry use them to keep surveillance on our enemy@Aatdiuttksooe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The computer is a very important machine that has become a useful part of our life@Tciavimthbaupool
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also the computers have twinfaces on one side its a boon and on the other side its a bane@Atchtoosiabaotosiab
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Its uses completely depend upon you@Iucduy
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Apart from that a day in the future will come when human civilization wont be able to survive without computers as we depend on them too much@Aftaditfwcwhcwbatswcawdottm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Till now it is a great discovery of mankind that has helped in saving thousands and millions of lives@Tniiagdomthhistamol
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Looking at the age when a man led a life like a savage we notice how far we have come@Latawamlallaswnhfwhc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Similarly the evolution of mankind is truly commendable@Steomitc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : One of the major driving forces behind this is science@Ootmdfbtis
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It makes you think about the wonder of science and how it has proven to be such a boon in our lives@Imytatwosahihptbsabiol
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Most importantly science has helped develop a great civilization@Mishhdagc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : All the advancements that man has been able to make are with the help of science only@Atatmhbatmawthoso
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : However it wont be wrong to say that science is a twoedged sword@Hiwbwtstsiats
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It comes with its own set of advantages and disadvantages@Icwiosoaad
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : To say that science has a lot of benefits would be an understatement@Tstshalobwbau
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The benefits of science do not just limit to one sphere but it has proven useful in various spheres of the world@Tbosdnjltosbihpuivsotw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : When we talk about innovations in science and engineering electricity is the first thing that comes to mind@Wwtaiisaeeitfttctm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It has helped power the world through its development@Ihhptwtid
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : These are deadly enough to cause war and wipe out fullfledged countries@Tadetcwawofc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Another drawback is the pollution caused by it@Aditpcbi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As the world became more industrialized because of science pollution levels increased@Atwbmibospli
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : All the highscale industries are now polluting natural resources like water air wood and more@Athianpnrlwawam
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Subsequently this industrial growth has increased rates of unemployment as machines are replacing human labor@Stighirouamarhl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : So we see how it also has a considerable amount of drawbacks as well@Swshiahacaodaw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In conclusion we can say that surely science is very beneficial to the modern man@Icwcstssivbttmm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But innovations and discoveries have also become destructive in various ways for mankind@Biadhabdivwfm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We live in the age of the internet@Wlitaoti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also it has become an important part of our life that we cant live without it@Aihbaipooltwclwi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Besides the internet is an invention of highend science and modern technology@Btiiaiohsamt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Apart from that we are connected to internet@Aftwacti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also we can send big and small messages and information faster than ever@Awcsbasmaifte
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In this essay on the Internet we are going to discuss various things related to the internet@IteotIwagtdvtrtti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It is very difficult to estimate the area that the internet cover@Iivdtetattic
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also every second million people remain connected to it with any problem or issue@Aesmprctiwapoi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Apart from that just like all the things the internet also has some good and bad effect on the life of people@Aftjlatttiahsgabeotlop
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : So the first thing which we have to do is learn about the good and bad effect of the internet@Stftwwhtdilatgabeoti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Good effects of the internet mean all those things that the internet make possible@Geotimattttimp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also these things make our life easier and safer@Attmoleas
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Bad effects of the internet mean all those things that we can no longer do because of the internet@Beotimatttwcnldboti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also these things cause trouble for oneself and others too@Attctfoaot
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : You can access in any corner of the world@Ycaiacotw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also it is very easy to use and manage@Aiivetuam
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In todays world we cannot imagine our life without it@Itwwciolwi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : From the time it first came into existence until now the internet has completed a long journey@Fttifcieuntihcalj
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also during this journey the internet has adopted many things and became more userfriendly and interactive@Adtjtihamtabmuai
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Besides every big and small things are available on internet and article or material that you require can be obtainable from internet@Bebastaaoiaaomtyrcbofi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Because of internet our lives have become more convenient as compared to the times when we dont have internet@Boiolhbmcactttwwdhi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Earlier we have to stand in queues to send mails letters for withdrawing or depositing money to book tickets etc@Ewhtsiqtsmlfwodmtbte
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : but after the dawn of the internet all these things become quite easy@batdotiattbqe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also we do not have to waste our precious time standing in queues@Awdnhtwoptsiq
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Also the internet has contributed a lot to the environment as much of the offices government and private school and colleges have become digital that saves countless paper@Atihcaltteamotogapsachbdtscp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Although there is no doubt that the internet had made our life easier and convenient but we cant leave the fact that it has caused many bigger problems in the past@Atindttihmoleacbwcltftihcmbpitp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : And with the speed we are becoming addict to it a day in will come when it will become our basic necessity@Awtswabatiadiwcwiwbobn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Newspapers are one of the most important documents@Naootmid
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They can be said to be the powerhouse of information@Tcbstbtpoi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Moreover they offer us other benefits as well which helps us in our lives@Mtouobawwhuiol
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : You become better informed through newspaper reading and it also broadens your perspective@Ybbitnraiabyp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : However newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit@Hnribadh
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As the world is moving towards digitalization no one really reads the newspaper@Atwimtdnorrtn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : At least not the present generation@Alntpg
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The readership is maintained mostly because of the older generations only@Trimmbotogo
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Unfortunately despite having so many benefits newspaper reading is becoming a dying habit@Udhsmbnribadh
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As people are getting instant updates on their mobile phones and computer systems they barely read the newspaper@Apagiuotmpacstbrtn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Moreover electronic gadgets are more convenient for them so they dont bother to pick up the newspaper@Megamcftstdbtputn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Moreover we see that everything has become very convenient and instant now@Mwstehbvcain
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : You can learn about what is happening in the other part of the world as it is taking place@Yclawihitopotwaiitp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : People do not wait for newspapers anymore as they feel it only states what they have already been informed about@Pdnwfnaatfioswthabia
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In addition they do not wait for the next day to read the newspaper about current affairs as they get it instantly thanks to the internet@Iatdnwftndtrtnacaatgiittti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Most importantly people are themselves running out of the habit of reading itself@Mipatroothori
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Everything has become so visual now that no one bothers to read newspapers books novels or more@Ehbsvntnobtrnbnom
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The internet has made it worse as now there is a video for everything@Tihmiwantiavfe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : People wont mind watching a fiveminute video but will however not prefer to read a fiveminutelong article@Pwmwafvbwhnptrafa
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It just shows how were becoming so inactive and lazy@Ijshwbsial
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Everyone just needs things to be served on a platter@Ejnttbsoap
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Therefore we must not let this become a dying habit as newspapers are very reliable sources of news@Twmnltbadhanavrson
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In the absence of these there will be hardly anyone left to verify the data and information were being fed@Itaottwbhaltvtdaiwbf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Newspaper reading has numerous benefits@Nrhnb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It makes us aware of the current affairs and also makes us wellversed@Imuaotcaaamuw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It also kills boredom and enhances our vocabulary and grammar@Iakbaeovag
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : You can also seek jobs and promotions through newspapers@Ycasjaptn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As I have mentioned earlier Science has got many changes in our lives@AIhmeShgmciol
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : First of all transportation is easier now@Foatien
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : With the help of Science it now easier to travel long distances@WthoSinettld
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Moreover the time of traveling is also reduced@Mttotiar
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Various highspeed vehicles are available these days@Vhvaatd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : These vehicles have totally changed@Tvhtc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The phase of our society@Tpoos
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Science upgraded steam engines to electric engines@Susetee
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In earlier times people were traveling with cycles@Ietpwtwc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But now everybody travels on motorcycles and cars@Bnetomac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This saves time and effort@Tstae
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : And this is all possible with the help of Science@AtiapwthoS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Secondly Science made us reach to the moon@SSmurttm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But we never stopped there@Bwnst
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It also gave us a glance at Mars@IaguagaM
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This is one of the greatest achievements@Tiootga
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This was only possible with Science@TwopwS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : These days Scientists make many satellites@TdSmms
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Because of which we are using highspeed Internet@BowwauhI
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : These satellites revolve around the earth every day and night@Tsrateedan
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Even without making us aware of it@Ewmuaoi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Science is the backbone of our society@Sitboos
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Science gave us so much in our present time@Sgusmiopt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Due to this the teacher in our schools teaches Science from an early age@DttttiostSfaea
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Furthermore the second subject was Chemistry@FtsswC
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Chemistry is a subject that deals with an element found inside the earth@Ciastdwaefite
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Even more it helps in making various products@Emihimvp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Products like medicine and cosmetics etc@Plmace
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : result in human benefits@rihb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Last but not least the subject of Biology@LbnltsoB
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Biology is a subject that teaches us about our Human body@BiasttuaoHb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It tells us about its various parts@Ituaivp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Furthermore it even teaches the students about cells@Fiettsac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Cells are present in human blood@Capihb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Science is so advanced that it did let us know even that@Sisatidluket
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This outline provides a starting point for an extensive essay on LMS@TopaspfaeeoL
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Each section introduced here can be elaborated into multiple sentences to reach the desired length focusing on specific examples case studies and detailed discussions on each aspect of LMS@EsihcbeimstrtdlfosecsaddoeaoL
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Learning Management Systems have transformed the educational landscape offering tools and technologies that enhance extend and personalize the learning experience@LMShttelotatteeaptle
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As LMS continue to evolve they hold the promise of further democratizing education breaking down barriers to access and fostering a global learning community@ALctethtpofdebdbtaafaglc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Despite the challenges the future of LMS is bright with potential for even greater impact on teaching and learning worldwide@DtctfoLibwpfegiotalw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The growing emphasis on lifelong learning and continuous professional development is expected to drive the expansion of LMS platforms beyond traditional educational institutions catering to a broader audience@TgeollacpdietdteoLpbteictaba
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Emerging technologies such as virtual and augmented reality could be integrated into LMS further enriching the learning environment and expanding the possibilities for simulationbased learning@EtsavaarcbiiLfetleaetpfsl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The future of LMS is likely to be shaped by advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning offering more personalized and adaptive learning experiences@TfoLiltbsbaiaiamlompaale
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Learning Management Systems LMS have revolutionized the way educational content is delivered accessed and managed offering unprecedented flexibility and efficiency in learning environments@LMSLhrtwecidaamoufaeile
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Originating from simple course management solutions LMS have evolved into comprehensive platforms that facilitate a seamless integration of pedagogical tools resources and interactive features thereby fostering an engaging and personalized learning experience@OfscmsLheicptfasioptraiftfaeaple
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This essay explores the development significance and future prospects of LMS underscoring their pivotal role in contemporary education@TeetdsafpoLutprice
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The concept of LMS can be traced back to the early days of computerassisted instruction where the primary focus was on delivering learning materials and tracking student progress@TcoLcbtbttedociwtpfwodlmatsp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The evolution from simple courseware to sophisticated platforms was driven by the internets expansion enabling anytime anywhere access to educational resources@Tefsctspwdbtieeaaater
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Early adopters of LMS technology recognized its potential to transcend traditional classroom boundaries fostering a more flexible and studentcentered learning approach@EaoLtriptttcbfamfasla
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : At the heart of any LMS is the capability to create deliver and manage course content allowing educators to curate materials that cater to diverse learning preferences@AthoaLitctcdamccaetcmtctdlp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Assessment tools within LMS provide robust mechanisms for evaluating student performance offering various formats like quizzes assignments and exams to assess learning outcomes@AtwLprmfespovflqaaetalo
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Communication features such as forums chats and email facilitate interaction among students and between students and instructors enhancing the learning communitys dynamism@Cfsafcaefiasabsaietlcd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : LMS platforms often include analytics and reporting tools enabling educators to monitor student engagement and progress thereby informing personalized support and intervention strategies@Lpoiaarteetmseaptipsais
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : LMS have democratized access to education enabling learners from various geographical economic and social backgrounds to access quality educational resources@Lhdateelfvgeasbtaqer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The flexibility offered by LMS supports a range of learning styles and paces accommodating individual learner needs and preferences@TfobLsarolsapailnap
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Through the integration of multimedia and interactive elements LMS have enriched the learning experience making education more engaging and effective@TtiomaieLhetlememeae
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The scalability of LMS platforms allows institutions to offer courses to a vast number of students breaking the constraints of physical classroom spaces@TsoLpaitoctavnosbtcopcs
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Writing an essay with at least sentences on large language models LLMs would be quite extensive so Ill provide a structured outline and a condensed version to illustrate how such an essay could be approached@WaewalsollmLwbqesIpasoaacvtihsaecba
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This will include an introduction to LLMs their development applications ethical considerations and future prospects@TwiaitLtdaecafp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Large language models LLMs like GPT Generative Pretrained Transformer have revolutionized the field of natural language processing NLP@LlmLlGGPThrtfonlpN
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : These models are trained on vast datasets of text from the internet enabling them to generate coherent contextually relevant text based on the input they receive@Tmatovdotftiettgccrtbotitr
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The versatility of LLMs has made them invaluable for a variety of applications from composing emails to generating code@TvoLhmtifavoafcetgc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The development of LLMs began with smaller simpler models that struggled with maintaining context over longer texts@TdoLbwssmtswmcolt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Over time advancements in machine learning increases in computational power and the availability of large text corpora allowed for the development of models like GPT which can understand and generate text with a surprising degree of coherence and relevance@OtaimliicpataoltcaftdomlGwcuagtwasdocar
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The future of LLMs is incredibly promising with research pushing the boundaries of what these models can achieve@TfoLiipwrptbowtmca
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : However this future is contingent on addressing the ethical concerns associated with their development and deployment@Htficoatecawtdad
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Ongoing research aims to create more responsible models that are fair unbiased and transparent@Oratcmrmtafuat
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The path forward involves tackling the technical challenges of improving model performance while mitigating ethical risks@Tpfitttcoimpwmer
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This includes developing techniques for debiasing models ensuring data privacy and creating frameworks for the responsible use of LLMs@TidtfdmedpacfftruoL
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Large language models are a cornerstone of modern AI offering capabilities that were unimaginable just a few years ago@LlmaacomAoctwujafya
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As we continue to explore the potential of these models its crucial that we do so with an eye towards ethical implications and the broader impact on society@Awctetpotmictwdswaeteiatbios
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : By fostering an environment of responsible AI development we can ensure that LLMs contribute positively to advancements in technology and society@BfaeorAdwcetLcptaitas
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This condensed version touches on key points about LLMs but falls short of the sentence request due to practical constraints@TcvtokpaLbfsotsrdtpc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Expanding on each section with detailed examples historical context technical explanations and indepth analysis of ethical considerations could help reach the desired length@Eoeswdehcteaiaoecchrtdl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The last major director we have is Christopher Nolan@TlmdwhiCN
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : As you watch his movies you think about what it means for there to be masters of the art people who seem to know the tools of the art so well that they are in complete control of what theyre doing yet when you see their work you can hardly tell how they did it@Aywhmytawimfttbmotapwstkttotaswttaiccowtdywystwychthtdi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nolan is unique in bringing together high critical praise and very large audiences and this time he has decided to do so by bringing attention to a subject of great importancethe making of the atomic bomb@Niuibthcpavlaatthhdtdsbbatasogimotab
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Oppenheimer is therefore a movie strongly in opposition to the tendency of our decadence which is to despise human beings@Oitamsiotttoodwitdhb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We have many humanitarian concerns especially with victims and discrimination but these are essentially condescending@Whmhcewvadbtaec
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : All a victim can hope to be is what we already are@Aavchtbiwwaa
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We ourselves are hopeless we cannot go beyond applauding@Woahwcgba
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nolan however shows us a movie about a great and terrible achievement a scientific and political achievement and the man who led that effort@Nhsuamaagataasapaatmwlte
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : He implies there is no one of J@HitinooJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Robert Oppenheimers stature in our times@ROsiot
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We are diminished and he wants us to restore greater ambitions higher horizons and perhaps be wiser for the fear we have experienced contemplating the power we unleashed in WWII@WadahwutrgahhapbwftfwhectpwuiW
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The structure of the film attempts to bring together in our field of vision in Nolans by now signature parallel editing style the various personal and political concerns of scientific and other public figures from the s to the s@TsotfatbtiofoviNbnspestvpapcosaopfftstts
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We see Oppenheimer himself Cillian Murphy in the role of his career primarily in color a giant figure in the IMAX mm format often in closeup@WsOhCMitrohcpicagfitImfoic
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : We follow him from his graduate school days in physics throughout his career through Europe California and of course Los Alamos@WfhfhgsdipthctECaocLA
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This is framed by his testimony also in color to a commission that will eventually remove his security clearance in one marking the end of his public career@Tifbhtaictactwerhsciomteohpc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This testimony is twinned by the one secretary of commerce nomination hearings of Admiral Strauss played very well by Robert Downey Jr@TtitbtosocnhoASpvwbRDJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : whom the movie blames for the humiliation of removing Oppenheimers clearance@wtmbfthorOc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This part is in black and white@Tpiibaw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In a bit of poetic justice the movie shows Strauss losing his nomination vote after he is humiliated by scientists who feel Oppenheimer was treated with great indignity by the politicians@IabopjtmsSlhnvahihbswfOwtwgibtp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This approaches the preposterous with a young Senator John F@TatpwaySJF
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Kennedy noted as among those who sank Strauss@KnaatwsS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In reality the admiral was a remarkable and worthy public servant but a Republican facing a Democratic Senate@IrtawarawpsbaRfaDS
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The framework for Oppenheimers biography is supposed to achieve something more serious than rescuing his reputation with a bit of poetic justice@TffObistasmstrhrwabopj
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It show us the political context of the decisions made during WWII and at the beginning of the Cold War the great dangers the country faced and the fact that scientists can be very unwise people much more so than the ordinary American who does not presume to impose his will on the basis of impressive academic or technical knowledge@IsutpcotdmdWaatbotCWtgdtcfatftscbvupmmsttoAwdnptihwotboiaotk
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The most shocking aspect of that difference between the politicians who did represent the American people and the scientists who wanted to rule the American people is that more of the scientists were Communists and some were traitors obviously some politicians were also Communist spies and traitors@TmsaotdbtpwdrtApatswwtrtApitmotswCaswtospwaCsat
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Unfortunately Oppenheimer himself was as stupid as any other intellectual of his era but more cautious and perhaps a little more serious@UOhwasaaoiohebmcapalms
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : His brother whom he brought to work at Los Alamos did join the Communist Party against Oppenheimers advice@HbwhbtwaLAdjtCPaOa
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : His wife had been a Communist as had his mistress@HwhbaCahhm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The list goes on@Tlgo
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Oppenheimer does a great job of showing how blind and ridiculous all these very educated upperclass people were@Odagjoshbaratveupw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Parttime revolutionaries at one time or another but also indignant Americans claiming their rights when their loyalty was questioned@PraotoabaiActrwtlwq
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But there are more serious things than even treason that the movie brings to our attention in a way no other movie has before@Btamsttetttmbtoaiawnomhb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The making of the atomic bomb was considered a necessity of war@Tmotabwcanow
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The fear was that the Nazis would get there first@TfwttNwgtf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Science is not by nature proAmerican indeed it has no loyalty@Sinbnpiihnl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nazis commanded the allegiance or obedience of scientists perhaps even better than the Americans@NctaooospebttA
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Yet the American scientists believed that they were acting for a just cause that they were patriotic and therefore must have believed that knowledge is good perhaps especially in the form of modern natural science@YtAsbttwafajcttwpatmhbtkigpeitfomns
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Yet that science that can split the atom and possibly incinerate our world does not include a branch that examines the motives of men or their politics@Ytstcstaapiowdniabtetmomotp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : There is a remarkable sacrifice and perhaps a form of piety in the Progressive confidence of those men@TiarsapafopitPcotm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The radical distinction between technical knowledge and moral concerns is the core of the story and drives everythingfrom the oftenjarring sound design and inspiriting score to the editing which is relentless pushing us not to the inevitable the history we know but to the inner necessities of the modern world and all the way to the cinematography which insists on privileging the personal suffering of Oppenheimer@TrdbtkamcitcotsadetosdaisttewirpunttithwkbttinotmwaatwttcwioptpsoO
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The man who starts with an ambition to know the newest things man can know then grows up to take responsibility for the Manhattan Project and ends by believing he was somehow responsible for atomic energy in the postwar world@TmwswaatktntmcktguttrftMPaebbhwsrfaeitpw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This is a sentimental delusion since neither science nor politics cares much for Oppenheimer but in a way it is testimony to what was noble in his character acting to limit war reasonably@TiasdsnsnpcmfObiawiittwwnihcatlwr
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But when you see the amazing reconstruction of atomic fire you can at least begin to understand how he could become so afraid of The Bomb@BwystaroafycalbtuhhcbsaoTB
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It is almost an object of awe@Iiaaooa
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This threeplus hour biography of J@TthboJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Robert Oppenheimer Cillian Murphy is a film about faces@ROCMiafaf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They talk a lot@Ttal
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They listen@Tl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They react to good and bad news@Trtgabn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : And sometimes they get lost in their own headsnone more so than the title character the supervisor of the nuclear weapons team at Los Alamos whose apocalyptic contribution to science earned him the nickname The American Prometheus as per the title of Nolans primary source the biography by Kai Bird and Martin J@AstglitohmstttctsotnwtaLAwactsehtnTAPapttoNpstbbKBaMJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Sherman@S
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nolan and cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema use the largeformat IMAX film system not merely to capture the splendor of New Mexicos desert panoramas but contrast the external coolness and internal turmoil of Oppenheimer a brilliant mathematician and lowkey showman and leader whose impulsive nature and insatiable sexual appetites made his private life a disaster and whose greatest contribution to civilization was a weapon that could destroy it@NacHvHutlIfsnmtctsoNMdpbctecaitoOabmalsalwinaisamhpladawgctcwawtcdi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Closeup after closeup shows star Cillian Murphys face staring into the middle distance offscreen and sometimes directly into the lens while Oppenheimer dissociates from unpleasant interactions or gets lost inside memories fantasies and waking nightmares@CacssCMfsitmdoasditlwOdfuioglimfawn
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Oppenheimer rediscovers the power of huge closeups of peoples faces as they grapple with who they are and who other people have decided that they are and what theyve done to themselves and others@Ortpohcopfatgwwtaawophdttaawtdttao
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Sometimes the closeups of peoples faces are interrupted by flashcuts of events that havent happened or already happened@Stcopfaibfoethhoah
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : There are recurring images of flame debris and smaller chainreaction explosions that resemble strings of firecrackers as well as nonincendiary images that evoke other awful personal disasters@Tariofdascetrsofawaniteoapd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : There are a lot of gradually expanding flashbacks in this film where you see a glimpse of something first then a bit more of it and then finally the entire thing@Taalogefitfwysagosftabmoiatftet
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But these dont just relate to the big bomb that Oppenheimers team hopes to detonate in the desert or the little ones that are constantly detonating in Oppenheimers life sometimes because he personally pushed the big red button in a moment of anger pride or lust and other times because he made a naive or thoughtless mistake that pissed somebody off long ago and the wronged person retaliated with the equivalent of a timedelayed bomb@BtdjrttbbtOthtditdotlotacdiOlsbhpptbrbiamoapolaotbhmanotmtpsolaatwprwteoatb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The fissile cutting to borrow a physics word is also a metaphor for the domino effect caused by individual decisions and the chain reaction that makes other things happen as a result@Tfctbapwiaamftdecbidatcrtmothaar
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This principle is also visualized by repeated images of ripples in water starting with the opening closeup of raindrops setting off expanding circles on the surface that foreshadow both the ending of Oppenheimers career as a government advisor and public figure and the explosion of the first nuke at Los Alamos which observers see then hear then finally feel in all its awful impact@TpiavbrioriwswtocorsoecotstfbteoOcaagaapfateotfnaLAwosthtffiaiai
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The weight of the films interests and meanings are carried by facesnot just Oppenheimers but those of other significant characters including General Leslie Groves Matt Damon Los Alamos military supervisor Roberts suffering wife Kitty Oppenheimer Emily Blunt whose tactical mind could have averted a lot of disasters if her husband would have only listened and Lewis Strauss Robert Downey Jr@TwotfiamacbfjObtoosciGLGMDLAmsRswKOEBwtmchaalodihhwholaLSRDJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : the Atomic Energy Commission chair who despised Oppenheimer for a lot of reasons including his decision to distance himself from his Jewish roots and who spent several years trying to derail Oppenheimers postLos Alamos career@tAECcwdOfalorihdtdhfhJrawssyttdOpAc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The latter constitutes its own adjacent fulllength story about pettiness mediocrity and jealousy@Tlcioafsapmaj
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Strauss is Salieri to Oppenheimers Mozart regularly and often pathetically reminding others that he studied physics too back in the day and that hes a good person unlike Oppenheimer the adulterer and communist sympathizer@SiStOMraoprothsptbitdathagpuOtaacs
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This film asserts that Strauss leaked the FBI file on his progressive and communist associations to a third party who then wrote to the bureaus director J@TfatSltFfohpacatatpwtwttbdJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Edgar Hoover@EH
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The film speaks quite often of one of the principles of quantum physics which holds that observing quantum phenomena by a detector or an instrument can change the results of this experiment@Tfsqooootpoqpwhtoqpbadoaicctrote
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The editing illustrates it by constantly reframing our perception of an event to change its meaning and the script does it by adding new information that undermines contradicts or expands our sense of why a character did something or whether they even knew why they did it@Teiibcropoaetcimatsdibanitucoeosowacdsowtekwtdi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : That I believe is really what Oppenheimer is about much more so than the atom bomb itself or even its impact on the war and the Japanese civilian population which is talked about but never shown@TIbirwOiammsttabioeiiotwatJcpwitabns
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The film does show what the atom bomb does to human flesh but its not recreations of the actual attacks on Japan the agonized Oppenheimer imagines Americans going through it@TfdswtabdthfbinrotaaoJtaOiAgti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This filmmaking decision is likely to antagonize both viewers who wanted a more direct reckoning with the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and those who have bought into the arguments advanced by Strauss and others that the bombs had to be dropped because Japan never would have surrendered otherwise@TfdiltabvwwamdrwtdoHaNatwhbitaabSaottbhtbdbJnwhso
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The movie doesnt indicate whether it thinks that interpretation is true or if it sides more with Oppenheimer and others who insisted that Japan was on its knees by that point in World War II and would have eventually given up without atomic attacks that killed hundreds of thousands of civilians@TmdiwittiitoiismwOaowitJwoikbtpiWWIawheguwaatkhotoc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : No this is a film that permits itself the freedoms and indulgences of novelists poets and opera composers@Ntiaftpitfaionpaoc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It does what we expect it to do Dramatize the life of Oppenheimer and other historically significant people in his orbit in an aesthetically daring way while also letting all of the characters and all of the events be used metaphorically and symbolically as well so that they become pointillistic elements in a much larger canvas thats about the mysteries of the human personality and the unforeseen impact of decisions made by individuals and societies@IdwweitdDtloOaohspihoiaadwwalaotcaaotebumasawsttbpeiamlctatmothpatuiodmbias
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This review hasnt delved into the plot of the film or the realworld history that inspired it not because it isnt important of course it is but becauseas is always the case with Nolanthe main attraction is not the tale but the telling@TrhditpotfotrhtiinbiiiociibbiatcwNmainttbtt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nolan has been derided as less a dramatist than half showman half mathematician making bombastic overcomplicated blockbusters that are as much puzzles as stories@Nhbdaladthshmmbobtaampas
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But whether that characterization was true and Im increasingly convinced it never entirely was it seems beside the point when you see how thoughtfully and rewardingly its been applied to a biography of a real person@BwtcwtaIicinewisbtpwyshtaribataboarp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Oppenheimer could retrospectively seem like a turning point in the directors filmography when he takes all of the stylistic and technical practices that hed been honing for the previous twenty years in intellectualized pulp blockbusters and turns them inward@Ocrslatpitdfwhtaotsatpthbhftptyiipbatti
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Most of the performances have a bit of an old movie feeling with the actors snapping off their lines and not moving their faces as much as they would in a more modern story@Motphaboaomfwtasotlanmtfamatwiamms
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : A lot of the dialogue is delivered quickly producing a screwball comedy energy@Alotdidqpasce
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : This comes through most strongly in the arguments between Robert and Kitty about his sexual indiscretions and refusal to listen to her mostly superb advice the more abstract debates about power and responsibility between Robert and General Groves and the scenes between Strauss and a Senate aide Alden Ehrenreich who is advising him as he testifies before a committee that he hopes will approve him to serve in President Dwight Eisenhowers cabinet@TctmsitabRaKahsiartlthmsatmadaparbRaGGatsbSaaSaAEwiahahtbacthhwahtsiPDEc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But as a physical experience Oppenheimer is something else entirelyits hard to say exactly what and thats whats so fascinating about it@BaapeOiseehtsewatwsfai
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Ive already heard complaints that the movie is too long that it couldve ended with the first bomb detonating and couldve done without the bits about Oppenheimers sex life and the enmity of Strauss and that its perversely selfdefeating to devote so much of the running time including the most of the third hour to a pair of governmental hearings the one where Oppenheimer tries to get his security clearance renewed and Strauss trying to get approved for Eisenhowers cabinet@IahcttmitlticewtfbdacdwtbaOslateoSatipstdsmotrtitmotthtapoghtowOttghscraSttgafEc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But the films furiously entropic tendencies complement the theoretical discussions of the hows and whys of the individual and collective personality@Btffetcttdothawotiacp
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : To greater and lesser degrees all of the characters are appearing before a tribunal and bring called to account for their contradictions hypocrisies and sins@Tgaldaotcaabatabctaftchas
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The tribunal is out there in the dark@Ttiotitd
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Weve been given the information but not told what to decide which is as it should be@Wbgtibntwtdwiaisb
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The key performance in the movie is by the late Heath Ledger as the Joker@TkpitmibtlHLatJ
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Will he become the first posthumous Oscar winner since Peter Finch His Joker draws power from the actual inspiration of the character in the silent classic The Man Who Laughs@WhbtfpOwsPFHJdpftaiotcitscTMWL
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : His clowns makeup more sloppy than before his cackle betraying deep wounds he seeks revenge he claims for the horrible punishment his father exacted on him when he was a child@Hcmmstbhcbdwhsrhcfthphfeohwhwac
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In one diabolical scheme near the end of the film he invites two ferryloads of passengers to blow up the other before they are blown up themselves@Iodsnteotfhitfoptbutobtabut
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Throughout the film he devises ingenious situations that force Batman Christian Bale Commissioner Gordon Gary Oldman and District Attorney Harvey Dent Aaron Eckhart to make impossible ethical decisions@TtfhdistfBCBCGGOaDAHDAEtmied
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : By the end the whole moral foundation of the Batman legend is threatened@BtetwmfotBlit
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Yes the special effects are extraordinary@Ytseae
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They focus on the expected explosions and catastrophes and have some superb elaborate chase scenes@Tfoteeacahssecs
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The movie was shot on location in Chicago but it avoids such familiar landmarks as Marina City the Wrigley Building or the skyline@TmwsoliCbiasflaMCtWBots
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Chicagoans will recognize many places notably La Salle Street and Lower Wacker Drive but director Nolan is not making a travelogue@CwrmpnLSSaLWDbdNinmat
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : He presents the city as a wilderness of skyscrapers and a key sequence is set in the stilluncompleted Trump Tower@HptcaawosaaksisitsTT
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Through these heights the Batman moves at the end of strong wires or sometimes actually flies using his cape as a parasail@TthtBmateoswosafuhcaap
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Because these actors and others are so powerful and because the movie does not allow its spectacular special effects to upstage the humans were surprised how deeply the drama affects us@Btaaoaspabtmdnaissetuthwshdtdau
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Eckhart does an especially good job as Harvey Dent whose character is transformed by a horrible fate into a bitter monster@EdaegjaHDwcitbahfiabm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : It is customary in a comic book movie to maintain a certain knowing distance from the action to view everything through a sophisticated screen@Iiciacbmtmackdftatvetass
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The Dark Knight slips around those defenses and engages us@TDKsatdaeu
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The plot involves nothing more or less than the Jokers attempts to humiliate the forces for good and expose Batman secret identity showing him to be a poser and a fraud@TpinmolttJathtffgaeBsishtbapaaf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : He includes Gordon and Dent on his target list and contrives cruel tricks to play with the fact that Bruce Wayne once loved and Harvey Dent now loves Assistant D@HiGaDohtlaccttpwtftBWolaHDnlAD
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : A@A
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Rachel Dawes Maggie Gyllenhaal@RDMG
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The tricks are more cruel than he realizes because the Joker doesnt know Batmans identity@TtamcthrbtJdkBi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Heath Ledger has a good deal of dialogue in the movie and a lot of it isnt the usual jabs and jests were familiar with Its psychologically more complex outlining the dilemmas he has constructed and explaining his reasons for them@HLhagdoditmaaloiitujajwfwIpmcotdhhcaehrft
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : The screenplay by Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan who first worked together on Memento has more depth and poetry than we might have expected@TsbCNahbJwfwtoMhmdaptwmhe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Nolan also directed the previous and excellent Batman Begins which went into greater detail than ever before about Bruce Waynes origins and the reasons for his compulsions@NadtpaeBBwwigdtebaBWoatrfhc
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Now it is the Jokers turn although his past is handled entirely with dialogue not flashbacks@NiitJtahpihewdnf
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : There are no references to Batmans childhood but we certainly remember it and we realize that this conflict is between two adults who were twisted by childhood cruelty one compensating by trying to do good the other by trying to do evil@TanrtBcbwcriawrttcibtawwtbccocbttdgtobttde
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Perhaps they instinctively understand that themselves@Ptiutt
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Two of the supporting characters are crucial to the action and are played effortlessly by the great actors Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine@TotscacttaaapebtgaMFaMC
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Freeman as the scientific genius Lucius Fox is in charge of Bruce Waynes underground headquarters and makes an ethical objection to a method of eavesdropping on all of the citizens of Gotham City@FatsgLFiicoBWuhamaeotamoeoaotcoGC
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : His stand has current political implicstions@Hshcpi
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Caine is the faithful butler Alfred who understands Wayne better than anybody and makes a decision about a crucial letter@CitfbAwuWbtaamadaacl
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : Something fundamental seems to be happening in the upper realms of the comicbook movie@Sfstbhiturotcm
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : SpiderMan may have defined the high point of the traditional film based on comicbook heroes@Smhdthpottfboch
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : A movie like the new Hellboy II allows its director free rein for his fantastical visions@AmltnHIaidfrfhfv
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : But now Iron Man and even more so The Dark Knight move the genre into deeper waters@BnIMaemsTDKmtgidw
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : They realize as some comicbook readers instinctively do that these stories touch on deep fears traumas fantasies and hopes@Trascridttstodftfah
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : And the Batman legend with its origins in film noir is the most fruitful one for exploration@AtBlwioifnitmfofe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : In his two Batman movies Nolan has freed the character to be a canvas for a broader scope of human emotion@IhtBmNhftctbacfabsohe
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : For Bruce Wayne is a deeply troubled man let there be no doubt and if ever in exile from his heroic role it would not surprise me what he finds himself capable of doing@FBWiadtmltbndaieiefhhriwnsmwhfhcod
Extract the first letter from each word in the following sentence, then concatenate them to form and return the final word. Words are separated from each other by spaces. The input is : @
